# October 1st, 2018 @ 1600UTC



## September 10th, 2018 @ 16:00UTC

### **Agenda**

* [x] Community Updates
* [x] Plans with the whitepaper
* [x] Work on CI/CD terminology
* [x] Status of Event Driven CI/CD
* [x] Meetup during KubeCon NA
* [x] AoB

**Community Updates**

* Most of this information has already been shared via the ML [https://lists.openci.io/pipermail/discuss/2018-September/000110.html](https://lists.openci.io/pipermail/discuss/2018-September/000110.html)
  * Publications added
    * as agreed they are not "done" per se but are in good enough shape to share; please provide issues/PRs via GitHub for fixes/additions.
  * Infrastructure
    * As suggested by Steve a request has been put in at GitLab to host us under their OSS initiative
    * Most content has been moved over to GitHub for the sake of preservation; if anything happens we may lose users but we have their contact information - and most are on the ML
  * Wiki
    * [https://wiki.openci.io/wiki/](https://wiki.openci.io/wiki/)

## action send ML msg re gitbook sign up vs modifying using github

**Plans with the whitepaper**

* [https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/openci-whitepaper](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/openci-whitepaper)
* [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LpeXnQqD2Hwmu2Pap-FFEFfuXRQGaYfwV00W1OvPEIU/edit\#heading=h.78lc0xgey9wi](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LpeXnQqD2Hwmu2Pap-FFEFfuXRQGaYfwV00W1OvPEIU/edit#heading=h.78lc0xgey9wi)
* what should be the scope? start with general ci/cd and focus on cross community aspects?
* have 2 whitepapers, 1 dealing with general ci/cd and the other cross community ci/cd
* aim is to have first draft ready by the end of september and take another discussion during the meeting in october
* **action send ML thread for folks who signed up**

**Work on CI/CD terminology**

* check with Watson to see if the google docs document he started working on is ready to be shared
* how to ensure people from other locations \(APAC\) can collaborate on docs \(google docs.\)
* **action setup gitbook for this**
* **action reach out to Martin and Jeff**

**Status of Event Driven CI/CD**

* check with Yolanda regarding the status of the event proposal
* Watson and Steve are interested in this

**Meetup during KubeCon NA**

* anyone interested joining to KubeCon and having OpenCI meetup?
* december 14th, friday, outside of the main event in Seattle: Fatih, Ed, Andy, Jack, Thanh \(?\), Ray \(?\)
* what is the purpose of the meetup?
  * finalize the whitepaper?
  * anything else?

**AoB**

* **action Daniel for any info from cperf at ONS**

### **Minutes**

* ...

